[Studios] Git-provider integration (#903)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/studios/add-studio-git-repo.md

        dockerfile: "Dockerfile"                 # Ignored for `registry` and `none`
    clone:
        enabled: true                            # Defaults to `true`
        path: "/workspace"                # Defaults to `/workspace`
    dependencies:
        condaEnvironmentFile: "environment.yaml" # Ignored for `dockerfile`
    computeRequirements:
        awsBatch: # Ignored for non-batch CE
            cpu: 2
            gpu: 0
            memory: 8192
    environmentVariables:
        -   name: "var1"
            value: "value1"
        -   name: "var2"
            value: "value2"
    management:
        lifespanHours: 1 # Ignored if workspace lifespan is set
        isPrivate: false # Defaults to false
```

**`.seqera/Dockerfile` configuration file**

Customer-generated container definition. See [Custom container template image][custom-image] for requirements.

You can add a Studio by referencing a Git repository containing Studio configuration files. You can also configure the following fields:

- **Repository URL**: Enter the full URL to your Git repository (e.g., `https://github.com/your-org/studio-config.git`)

> - **Revision**: Select a branch, tag, or commit from the dropdown. The dropdown is dynamically populated based on the repository URL. If no revision is selected, the default branch is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Revision**: Select a branch, tag, or commit from the dropdown. The dropdown is dynamically populated based on the repository URL. If no revision is selected, the main or master branch is used.
```
